In this chapter we will make a final review of the main concepts and
ideas exposed in the audiovisual present
General concepts
sick building syndrome
is the name given to a set of diverse symptoms presented by the
individuals of a property or plant thereof while working or remaining in
the
the degree of involvement of these symptoms
must be greater than 20%
The OMS
difference between temporary and permanently sick buildings
in practice sick buildings are usually equipped with
forced air conditioning systems
symptoms and indeed on health
the symptoms to diagnose a sick building syndrome the
we can group in 5
ocular upper respiratory tract
pulmonary
cutaneous and general
a determining factor in the syndrome syndrome
is the direct relationship between these symptoms and the permanence of the person
in the building
we must differentiate between the symptoms of the syndrome and the
diseases typical of a certain industrial activity pop what have been
dice
chemical contaminants
the effects of certain substances on the body are unknown
when exposure that very low concentrations
and for long periods of time
some of the main chemical pollutants that we can find in the
interior of a non-industrial building are
carbon dioxide
carbon monoxide
tobacco smoke
Construction materials
fiberglass
asbestos fiber
formaldehyde
solvents
consumer products
particles
pesticides
well no
metals and metal compounds
radon
and chlorine
biological contaminants
Biological contaminants are basically classified into three groups
Infectious agents
antigens
and toxins
biological pollutants do not have type valuation criteria
technical
the architectural factors
the design and the own conception of the architectural work are fundamental
in your individual building relationship
from the point of view of the health conditions of people who
they make use
and enjoy it
the main problematic elements focus on the following points
economic and psychosocial factors
the office should consider the ideal relationship between people and
machines
for an optimal performance of both resources
epidemiology and questionnaires
The main symptoms that make up the syndrome are
eye irritation nose iberbanda
Dry skin and mucous membranes
cutaneous erythema
mental fatigue and drowsiness
cef alex
dizziness
increased incidence of upper respiratory tract infections
The main objectives of the symptom questionnaire are
identification of the problem
second
location
of the analysis of the answer are we will have
on the one hand if there is a prevalence of symptoms greater than 20%
and on the other
the type and location of complaints
ventilation and air conditioning
ventilation and air conditioning systems
swear a preponderant role in the risk of microbiological proliferation
in its transfer to the environment
and in his inaction on the part of the exposed people
the main sources of biological contamination related to the systems
of ventilation and air conditioning are
the outside air
filtration systems
cooling systems
the humidifiers
the porous materials
and the air inside the premises
the control of microbiological contamination in indoor environments
it can be achieved with a good design of the systems
and an effective maintenance program for the facilities
indoor air quality control
the situation is more frequent risk for the occupants of a
building are
exposure to irritating or radioactive toxic substances
and the induction of infections or allergies
the problem of sick building syndrome
has been enhanced with the design of increasingly hermetic buildings
and with a greater operator of air circulation
There are four strategies aimed at controlling the quality of indoor air
in polluting sources
deficiencies in ventilation
the cleaning of the air
and the exposure of the occupants of the building
the economic cost that the increases in support can represent
it's ventilation air
It does not have to mean a major mind spending chaos
action methodology
initial investigation
inspection measures yya
ventilation measures and climate indicators
and medical examination and associated research